our suffering my dear there's not enough
Scotch in the world for them what are
you right now
a little novella I'm calling none of
your goddamn business
well you were invited to stay here for a
few days until we can find a place julie
has these bouts just gone sick in the
head I read your story it made me feel
thrillingly horrible do you know what
it's like to secret what are you up to
that girl what do you think tried in a
bit trashy but give it a go I like you
Rosie
can I trust you I feel like we're in the
Scottish play on the verge of madness
what we'll see their secret looks
I'm counting down from 3 3 2 1
oh you've done
what becomes of your dear heroine what
happens to all lost girls I'm an artist
[Music]
the greatest poverty heir of his
generation it seems some volker getting
squeamish around here stop strolling
women Wow
all that nonsense happy stoning game you
have to stay on the straight and sober
can you do that
where's baby punch where is she I salute
her gallery one place she wound up in
another what's done is done
suppose we just move on with our lives
that's the way to do it
we've got the reporter crying right
excellent my dear wife and tiny baby
aren't missing do you remember what
happened to you does that look punctured
I always win you won't be winning
anymore
[Music]
the greatest known is what the critics
say
[Music]
that's the way to tell us what happened
by your forward Becky oh when you wait a
second what is she doing here you let
her walk all over you she's 13 Jeff this
gentleman lost his dog okay well why
don't you give us your number dog is a
rot one purebred or as the Germans call
them or violent Mets goons that's why
you never let them meet with other
breeds you get the worst of both okay I
think it's time for you to go I'm
looking for a key it has this symbol
engraved on it you seen it no well that
leaves a little Becky where's Becky wait
wait he's gonna hold your dad still I
heard him I'm not gonna let them get
away with this
[Music]
she was very very good when she was bad
she was horrid
what was the point of all of this work
it's worth much more than you're clearly
a special girl I don't want to have to
hurt you but I do want her to real it
was today's technology we should be able
to hear another person's thoughts it
would be better if we had a human
Henri's human enough for me what must
have been a power outage last night when
Oliver makes an incredible discovery
make live for the total package brains
personality and good looks things will
never be the same tastes like a genius
so old dogs understand all humans duh
but you can't tell anybody
Naomi I can't a design space is baked
for you good luck at the fair now he
must make sure his new invention the
skin especially doesn't fall into the
wrong hands
oh my god it was you didn't I would do
anything to acquire this technology
[Music]
right now Syd you sure you're not hungry
wait what no one said there be snacks
they've got adventure my human is in
trouble and I need your help
Oh didn't know you're having an awesome
party down to a science
we are gonna save Oliver Gabriel Bateman
Kunal Nayyar with Megan Fox and Josh
Duhamel
oh we make a good team NRI
[Music]
think like a dog you smell as many butts
as I have you tend to pick up a few
things the weapons that we use to fight
fear they're not brutality they are not
wrath
they'll not hate they are and will
always be loved
we're in the midst of an epidemic right
here along got a lot of bad things in my
life and got now regret if you truly
want to leave clay and your first step
is admit what you do and he's little
back to where he belongs on these people
are my family
mm-hmm look we've got you
[Music]
can't get rid of a mystery replace it
with sub Miller
[Music]
you got no food they living out of the
car am i understanding that you would
like a rule for that man
you know who that man is I know of as a
brother in Christ and her realm so what
you gonna do I'm praying for some kind
of sign get dis iniside they had a
reward a man in his house
you an order Klansmen I know Klansmen no
more
[Music]
you don't need a clam then he's in you
we ain't ever gonna stop
[Music]
they made that crosses burning in the
middle of the night
we will fill the night with a different
kind of fire
[Music]
but maybe one day y'all can forgive me
Oh God can't forgive me you either get
it or you don't I'm just gonna watch
this movie until I die absolutely no one
under the age of 17 is allowed I don't
think they have an attractive star they
don't do anything original in the
screenplay
I didn't care for the film lousy movie
really lousy actor kind of lunch very
very bad
let me guess we're some of these
showgirls showgirls you gotta good guess
okay yes it's a failed movie but it adds
up to something different places type of
comedy I don't think you can make on
purpose which makes it very rare and
valuable
I hadn't seen something so perfectly bad
in years it was done civilization had
done its job showgirls is also signaling
to fans of Paul Verhoeven
that it's like his other films people
are much more inclined to think that
it's nearly criminal to portray sex
sexuality is part of our life and we
should not be afraid of it
- you can't believe they're trying to
sell us this you never know what's going
to become a cold tub for those of us
they get it it can become our religion
this is a role that does not come around
that often it's weird having that
protagonist as a character that's so
cathartic I'm alone I want to watch this
thing over and over and over again I
think we're still talking about
showgirls because we're not done with it
to film the dense reclaimed as a stealth
masterpiece
I like your tattoos what are those
numbers on your arm oh that's the date
my dad died you as a fireman died in a
fire 17 years ago oh my god I'm so sorry
don't be it's fine you can't focus on
Scott anymore honey he's 24 years old
Marjorie let that bird fly
please don't worry mom you know your
daughter got smart and went to college
in a bad mess but I'm still here gonna
be here forever
yeah I want to become a real tattoo
artist your work is mad and consist them
Obama a right I love your tattoos this
is my favorite I've been dating someone
for a little while now the first guy you
date in 17 years is a fireman just like
that you don't think that's weird
you're gonna have to pull your weight a
little more around here maybe help break
get his kids to school Kelly do you know
him he's a new friend
you okay you know you could tell me okay
well I trained her in the car she's not
gonna break you ever think about putting
on the jacket why would you even ask me
that it's fun being a fireman it's fine
if you don't have kids cuz you don't
know if you're gonna come home and not
and then your kids are up you
make everyone around you feel crazy
people normal then they hang out with
you and then that Jack Nicholson
in the shining or something drown me
pool you're like eight feet tall
let me tell you something your dad was a
hero and heroes are necessary and they
should be allowed to have families
you got to get your together the
time is passing by very quickly why do
you think I smoke weed all the time so I
could slow it down
there's like everybody's always
disappointed in me and I never live up
to anybody's expectations hey thanks for
listening all of us in one of the few
people who treat me you know like a
person here welcome the videos captured
during the robberies and uploaded to
social media are the work of Arielle
summers and Dean Taylor
a couple followed by millions of people
on social media
hi my name is Arielle and for as long as
I can remember I knew I was going to be
famous I never really seen you around
here before
we straw it's such a small town need to
get out of Florida
maybe somebody will want to come with me
it's a merry
we're gonna need some cash
I'll be like green you're in luck
I met such a I created a new account
3000 followers why would you post that
something like this could make us famous
let's go off the phone you guys have
been busy
a modern day what about me how do you
think this ends I ain't made to be no
housewife
I don't know what this could do for us I
don't even what this is anymore
[Music]
yeah
nothing like a good old-fashioned bank
robbery I will never get over seeing
Miss June teen cleaning toilets
the winner of Miss agility will receive
a full scholarship to any historically
black institution of your tricks
good luck I know that you are looking to
replicate your success what's her
problem
I beat her when we get the new place we
can bring them all Regan
I hate to see you working so hard I have
the rest of the money we don't do credit
we don't do layaway you got something
for her count you know I can't get that
kind of money on me girl right bye y'all
this time Robin hold it down a long time
right here
she might dream now I'll make sure that
she some new way
if I make the dance team I can get me a
scholarship
you have my daughter out there dancing
like there's no school handing out a
full ride
you better hope your grades turn out
right wait your homework you worry about
the wrong thing I need you focus on your
studies miss Juneteenth
is here to prepare you for the future
your dinner nights that is your salad
night what would surely not eat the main
course lipid we are expecting greatness
why are you making me do it didn't do
nothing for you
Hey but not ever see you at my house
again you always embarrassing I'm not
Phenomenal Woman that's me
[Music]
Democrats are getting their asses kicked
we need some way to road-test a more
rural friendly message if you can't live
your principles in the bad times I guess
there are principles they just hobbies
nice John Wayne and a tractor have a
baby and all you can say it's nice oh my
god Carl Jack Hastings is our key back
into the great now swing state Wisconsin
just doesn't know it yet can I be
completely honest with you no bald be
nice on daughters here that was your
guard with her arm up the cacao guys
like me don't know how to talk to guys
like you Bolivar that's nice I know
maybe he doesn't need a boat maybe use
your public your vest but I would like
to offer my services run for mayor
you're walking front I am Telling You
guys that could be the real deal this
little campaign of ours has caught the
attention of the National Republican
Party why are you here
because crushing the last piece of hope
in your eyes really gets me off it's
good to see you yeah you look fat it's
on your boys game on tons of press lots
of money
this seems a bit crazy don't put all the
black ones in center he's lying is a
moderate this is the 18
and all you have is beer 20 bucks says I
do better with beer than you do with
Shane the party can't win they're
getting desperate this is really just
another perfect example of the DC Li
trying to dictate how we should put
that's we your DC elite oh I know
actually I'm from here I'm from to your
liking that's a lie that's a lie no
that's what are you doing irresistible
written and directed by Jon Stewart the
world premieres in your home on-demand
June 26th go to watch irresistible calm
for more we're evacuating the building
thank God I need your help don't stay in
here I'm not leaving the category 5
hurricane going on outside you forgot
about that I think it's a five already
there is a storm right now 160 miles per
hour
perhaps devastate Porto Rico
your dad doesn't want to leave I can't
force them
help me get him out of this building
let's go let's go
watch it sweetheart we're on it he's
part of a crew at this high-end high
stuff
I got a buddy downtown he's been chasing
these clowns for a month cop - what do
you think these guys want I might have a
pretty good idea fifty five million
dollars it's here in this building
that's blood money if we're gonna stand
any kind of chance we need all the
firepower we could give it speed slab
will go through all my floor and so we
find them
[Music]
when dir the stall if you're trying to
make an impression
now's the time
[Music]
I'll shoot you in the head I'm not going
out that way
remember shoot-to-kill kit nice work kid
wow you made this some girl gave that to
me to give to them and then they
canceled the show yeah I know somebody
their tours with them with the fans
homes you give it
her name's Vienna she's helping us out
that's not your real name though you
guys just keep multiplying
you with them what you're the dancer a
high action
how do you get accepted you're invited
every time I see you I just get pulled
in my sting you
I don't think you should get next myself
you understand
you know we're almost broke thank you
yeah I heard some mineral guy has all
your money things are gonna change
around here yeah
[Music]
we have to behave like a band how he
supposed to travel 2500 miles four days
I'd say we talk to my wolf might big bad
wolf
[Music]
a lot of people here what you out she
has to go how hard I work
keep this band on its seat you know what
I have to do I got a crazy kid on my
hands that's too much I get better lock
your doors play
[Music]
the devil's out
how do you do it
fighting survivor space
[Music]